Add detailed schedule (#438)
precice/precice.github.io: pages/community/precice-workshop-2024.md

- 08:30-09:00: 🥨 Coffee
- 09:00-09:30: Wrap-up course parts 1-4
- 09:30-12:00: preCICE course, part 5<br/>
  <details class="workshop-event" id="course-caccia">
    <summary>

>       New addition to the course.<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Setting up a fluid-structure interaction simulation with CalculiX and OpenFOAM.<br/>
```

- 12:00-13:30: 🍲 Registration and lunch
- 13:30-15:00: Official welcome + user introductions
- 15:00-15:30: ☕️ Coffee break
- 15:30-17:00: What's new in preCICE?<br/>
  <details class="workshop-event" id="talk-v3">
    <summary>
      Overview on preCICE v3<br/>
      <p><a href="https://www.ipvs.uni-stuttgart.de/institute/team/Simonis/">Frédéric Simonis</a> (<a href="https://github.com/fsimonis">@fsimonis</a>), University of Stuttgart, Germany</p>
    </summary>

>     <p>Version 3 of the preCICE library has arrived and brings a wide range of changes, improvements, and additional features. This talk aims to give a general overview of what has changed and what is being worked on.</p>

Reviewer 2: This is now a slot split between Frédéric and me, where Frédéric talks about the library and I talk about the ecosystem. I have submitted an abstract about the ecosystem talk.

  </details>
  <details class="workshop-event" id="talk-jingya-li">
    <summary>
      Isogeometric Analysis Suitable Coupling Methods for Fluid-Structure Interactions with Solid-solver G+Smo Coupled via preCICE<br/>
      <p><a href="https://www.tudelft.nl/en/eemcs/the-faculty/departments/applied-mathematics/people/j-jingya-li-msc">Jingya Li</a>, Delft University of Technology, The Netherlands</p>
    </summary>

>     <p>Accurate simulation of fluid-structure interactions (FSI) remains a difficult task in com- putational mechanics, especially when dealing with complicated geometries and dynamic coupling between fluid and solid domains. This paper introduces novel benchmarks in the field of FSI that take advantage of isogeometric analysis (IGA) and the adaptibility of the preCICE coupling library. We offer a framework that combines the IGA-based solid mechanics library G+Smo, the computational fluid dynamics capabilities of openFOAM, and the Julia-based WaterLily.jl fluid solver, aimed at advancing hydrodynamic simulations. Central to our approach is the utilization of spline-based communication for IGA-based fluid-structure interaction simulations. We employ spline-based communication instead of quadrature points to minimize the amount of information exchanged. A comparison of accuracy and efficiency between spline-based communication and quadrature point-based communication will be presented. Several benchmarks will be discussed, ranging from the replication of established preCICE cases to direct comparisons with other solid mechanics libraries, to demonstrate the effectiveness of spline-based communication. Through these benchmarks, we conclude that spline-based communication is more efficient than quadrature point-based communication and yields the same level of accuracy.

Reviewer 2: Maybe there are more hyphenation issues in other abstracts, I did not check.

```suggestion
    <p>Accurate simulation of fluid-structure interactions (FSI) remains a difficult task in computational mechanics, especially when dealing with complicated geometries and dynamic coupling between fluid and solid domains. This paper introduces novel benchmarks in the field of FSI that take advantage of isogeometric analysis (IGA) and the adaptibility of the preCICE coupling library. We offer a framework that combines the IGA-based solid mechanics library G+Smo, the computational fluid dynamics capabilities of openFOAM, and the Julia-based WaterLily.jl fluid solver, aimed at advancing hydrodynamic simulations. Central to our approach is the utilization of spline-based communication for IGA-based fluid-structure interaction simulations. We employ spline-based communication instead of quadrature points to minimize the amount of information exchanged. A comparison of accuracy and efficiency between spline-based communication and quadrature point-based communication will be presented. Several benchmarks will be discussed, ranging from the replication of established preCICE cases to direct comparisons with other solid mechanics libraries, to demonstrate the effectiveness of spline-based communication. Through these benchmarks, we conclude that spline-based communication is more efficient than quadrature point-based communication and yields the same level of accuracy.
```

    </p>
  </details>
- 19:30-...: Invited dinner

#### Thursday, September 26

- 08:30-09:00: 🥨 Coffee
- 09:00-10:00: Keynote talk by Prof. Angelika Humbert<br/>
  <details class="workshop-event" id="talk-keynote-angelika">
    <summary>
      Tackling the complexity of Greenland’s Ice Sheet with coupled models<br/>

>       <p><a href="https://www.awi.de/ueber-uns/organisation/mitarbeiter/detailseite/angelika-humbert.html">Angelika Humbert</a>, Alfred-Wegener-Institut Helmholtz-Zentrum für Polar- und Meeresforschung, Germany</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <p><a href="https://www.awi.de/ueber-uns/organisation/mitarbeiter/detailseite/angelika-humbert.html">Angelika Humbert</a>, Alfred Wegener Institute Helmholtz Centre for Polar and Marine Research, Germany</p>
```

  </details>
- 10:00-12:00: User talks

>   <details class="workshop-event" id="talk-voit">

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  <details class="workshop-event" id="talk-viot">
```

    <summary>
      MaMiCo-preCICE coupling for hybrid molecular-continuum flow simulations<br/>

>       <p>Louis Voit (<a href="https://github.com/LouieVoit">@LouieVoit</a>), Helmut-Schmidt-Universität - Universität der Bundeswehr Hamburg, Germany</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <p>Louis Voit (<a href="https://github.com/LouieVoit">@LouieVoit</a>), Helmut Schmidt University - University of the Federal Armed Forces Hamburg, Germany</p>
```

>       <p>Louis Voit (<a href="https://github.com/LouieVoit">@LouieVoit</a>), Helmut-Schmidt-Universität - Universität der Bundeswehr Hamburg, Germany</p>

Reviewer 2: The confusing part is that the GitHub name is indeed `LouieVoit`

```suggestion
      <p>Louis Viot (<a href="https://github.com/LouieVoit">@LouieVoit</a>), Helmut-Schmidt-Universität - Universität der Bundeswehr Hamburg, Germany</p>
```

    Recently, preCICE has been coupled to MaMiCo. It allows us to access the large number of CFD solvers already coupled to preCICE, to use preCICE's interpolation methods in case of non matching grids between MaMiCo's grid and the continuum software's grid, to have a real partitioned approach with separate executables, to use preCICE's advanced time coupling schemes, etc. Validation and scaling have been done on various super computers, generally on a Couette flow scenario. Furthermore, MaMiCo and preCICE have been recently used to simulate an advanced transcritical multiphase scenario. Finally, we used preCICE to couple a CFD solver running on a laptop to a massively-parallel MD simulation running on a cluster.
    </p>
  </details>
  <details class="workshop-event" id="talk-breuer">
    <summary>
      Application of preCICE for fire-structure interaction predicting the damage of concrete walls under fire load<br/>

>       <p><a href="https://dtecbw.de/home/kontaktadressen/hsu/prof-dr-ing-habil-michael-breuer">Michael Breuer</a>, Helmut-Schmidt-Universität- Universität der Bundeswehr Hamburg, Germany</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <p><a href="https://dtecbw.de/home/kontaktadressen/hsu/prof-dr-ing-habil-michael-breuer">Michael Breuer</a>, Helmut Schmidt University - University of the Federal Armed Forces Hamburg, Germany</p>
```

    </p>
  </details>
  <details class="workshop-event" id="talk-hoehn">
    <summary>
      Simulation of coupled particle transport and FSI with application in the drilling industry<br/>

>       <p>Patrick Höhn (<a href="https://github.com/hoehnp/">@hoehnp</a>), Georg-August-Universität Göttingen Institut für Informatik, Germany</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <p>Patrick Höhn (<a href="https://github.com/hoehnp/">@hoehnp</a>), Institute for Computer Science, University of Göttingen, Germany</p>
```

      In this talk we further extend the quasi-Newton waveform iterations to the time adaptive case, where both of the sub-solvers use an adaptive time stepping scheme. We also give an overview of the convergence properties of time adaptive waveform iteration and quasi Newton methods as well as proposing an implementation of quasi-Newton acceleration for waveform iterations in the open source coupling library preCICE.  Lastly, we also show that using a time adaptive solver results in faster run times for a simple partitioned heat conduction test case, as well as a more realistic non-linear test case where a hot piece of steel is cooled by an air stream.
      </p>
    </details>
    <details class="workshop-event" id="talk-wieshau">
      <summary>
        Multirate Magnetothermal Coupling with Time Adaptive Waveform Relaxation<br/>

>         <p><a href="https://www.temf.tu-darmstadt.de/team_temf/mitarbeitende_temf/mitarbeitende_details_116800.de.jsp">Michael Wieshau</a>, TU Darmstadt, Germany</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <p><a href="https://www.temf.tu-darmstadt.de/team_temf/mitarbeitende_temf/mitarbeitende_details_116800.de.jsp">Michael Wieshau</a>, Technical University of Darmstadt, Germany</p>
```

      </summary>
      <p>When simulating multiphysical problems, the different time scales of the physical aspects make it computationally inefficient to solve the problem as one monolithically coupled system. Electromagnetic processes, for example, happen at significantly higher time rates than the thermal heating induced by the electric losses. One approach to efficiently solve this coupled multirate system is to apply Waveform Relaxation and compute the electromagnetic and thermal problems with different time rates iteratively in a decoupled way. This work explores the possibilities to couple electromagnetic and thermal simulations of a 2D FEM transformer in Matlab with preCICE. The heat generated by the magnetic eddy-current losses influences the temperature dependent conductivity of the electric circuit, which again influences the electric losses generating the heat. This two-way coupling is solved with time adaptive Waveform Relaxation and independent blackbox solvers for the time-stepping within the two subproblems.
      </p>
    </details>

> - 13:45-14:30: preECO talk<br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 13:45-14:30: preECO project talk<br/>
```
